ssd_sunny_truck is testing
ssd_sunny_car is training
ssd_sunny_traffic light is testing
ssd_sunny_person is training
ssd_sunny_potted plant is training
ssd_sunny_motorcycle is training
ssd_sunny_stop sign is testing
ssd_sunny_bench is training
ssd_sunny_bus is training
ssd_sunny_bicycle is testing
ssd_sunny_train is training
ssd_sunny_vase is training
ssd_sunny_tv is training
ssd_sunny_dog is training
ssd_sunny_clock is training
ssd_sunny_chair is training
ssd_sunny_parking meter is testing
ssd_sunny_handbag is training
ssd_sunny_toilet is training
ssd_sunny_fire hydrant is training
ssd_sunny_boat is training
ssd_sunny_backpack is training
ssd_sunny_suitcase is testing
ssd_sunny_bird is training
ssd_sunny_bottle is training
ssd_rainy_backpack is testing
ssd_rainy_bench is training
ssd_rainy_bicycle is training
ssd_rainy_bird is training
ssd_rainy_boat is training
ssd_rainy_bottle is testing
ssd_rainy_bus is training
ssd_rainy_car is training
ssd_rainy_chair is training
ssd_rainy_clock is training
ssd_rainy_fire hydrant is testing
ssd_rainy_handbag is training
ssd_rainy_motorcycle is training
ssd_rainy_parking meter is testing
ssd_rainy_person is training
ssd_rainy_potted plant is training
ssd_rainy_stop sign is training
ssd_rainy_suitcase is training
ssd_rainy_toilet is training
ssd_rainy_traffic light is training
ssd_rainy_train is training
ssd_rainy_truck is training
ssd_rainy_vase is training
ssd_cloudy_car is training
ssd_cloudy_truck is training
ssd_cloudy_train is training
ssd_cloudy_bench is training
ssd_cloudy_bus is training
ssd_cloudy_traffic light is training
ssd_cloudy_person is training
ssd_cloudy_motorcycle is training
ssd_cloudy_stop sign is training
ssd_cloudy_potted plant is testing
ssd_cloudy_fire hydrant is training
ssd_cloudy_suitcase is training
ssd_cloudy_bicycle is training
ssd_cloudy_backpack is training
ssd_cloudy_handbag is training
ssd_cloudy_clock is training
ssd_cloudy_parking meter is training
ssd_cloudy_chair is training
ssd_cloudy_toilet is training
ssd_cloudy_boat is training
ssd_cloudy_dog is training
ssd_cloudy_bottle is training
ssd_cloudy_tv is testing
ssd_cloudy_bird is training
ssd_cloudy_cell phone is training
ssd_night_car is testing
ssd_night_bus is testing
ssd_night_truck is training
ssd_night_person is training
ssd_night_motorcycle is training
ssd_night_tv is testing
ssd_night_traffic light is training
ssd_night_train is training
ssd_night_bicycle is training
ssd_night_fire hydrant is training
ssd_night_bench is training
ssd_night_clock is training
ssd_night_stop sign is training
ssd_night_bottle is training
ssd_night_parking meter is training
ssd_night_potted plant is training
ssd_night_vase is training
ssd_night_handbag is training
ssd_night_dog is training
ssd_night_chair is training
ssd_night_boat is training
ssd_night_laptop is testing
ssd_night_cell phone is training
ssd_night_backpack is training
cloudy is training
night is training
sunny is training
rainy is training


training: 85
testing: 16